I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the week.
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.
Rice is great when you’re hungry and you want 2000 of something.
Life is short. Smile while you still have teeth.
I remixed a remix, it was back to normal.
The best way to teach your kids about taxes is by eating 30 percent of their ice cream.
I’m writing a book. I’ve got the page numbers done.
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I’m afraid of widths.
I have always wanted to be somebody, but I see now I should have been more specific.
This suspense is terrible. I hope it will last.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
If a book about failures doesn’t sell, is it a success?
Knowledge is like underwear. It is useful to have it, but not necessary to show it off.
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile.
Never trust people who smile constantly. They’re either selling something or not very bright.
I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.
Accept who you are. Unless you’re a serial killer.
It’s okay if you don’t like me. Not everyone has good taste.
Everything is changing. People are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke.
I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn’t a professional, the knife had butter on it.
That’s why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.
If you’re too open-minded; your brains will fall out.
A pessimist is a man who thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and hates them for it.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments.
The four most beautiful words in our common language: I told you so.
My esteem in this country has gone up substantially. It is very nice now that when people wave at me, they use all their fingers.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don’t want, drink what you don’t like, and do what you’d rather not.
Don’t be so humble – you are not that great. Golda Meir (This is one of my favorite funny quote. Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours!
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I’ll consider it.
When nothing is going right, go left.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
Sane is boring.
I’m addicted to placebos.
I’d like to live like a poor man – only with lots of money.
Puns are the highest form of literature.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
What’s another word for Thesaurus? Steven Wrigh
If I had nine of my fingers missing I wouldn’t type any slower.
Don’t judge me. I was born to be awesome, not perfect.
What do people do with all the extra time they save by writing ‘k’ instead of ‘ok’?
My life feels like a test I didn’t study for.
I don’t go crazy. I am crazy. I just go normal from time to time.
My bed is a magical place where I suddenly remember everything I forgot to do.
I’m actually not funny. I’m just really mean and people think I’m joking.
Everything happens for a reason. But sometimes the reason is that you’re stupid and you make bad decisions.
I look like a casual, laid-back guy, but it’s like a circus in my head.
I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.
I wrote a few children’s books… not on purpose.
I went to a meeting for premature ejaculators. I left early.
I was just viciously body shamed by my mirror.
Finally my winter fat is done. Now I have spring rolls.
Sometimes I want to go back in time and punch myself in the face.
My brain has too many tabs open.
I don’t even believe myself when I say I’ll be ready in 5 minutes.
My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on.
I’m not shy, I’m holding back my awesomeness so I don’t intimidate you.
Is ‘ugh’ an emotion? Because I fell it all the time.
If you are lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror movie. After a while it won’t feel like you are alone anymore.
I don’t weigh myself because most scales don’t know how heavy all the grudges im holding onto are.
“Fries or salad?” sums up every adult decision you have to make.
In this horrible time, let us at least be bolstered by small miracles like finding out your ex moved to a different city.
You’re welcome to come here, except my beds from Ikea so it’s more unstable than i am.
If we’re not meant to have midnight snacks, why is there a light in the fridge.
You’ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace.
I am not lazy. I am on energy saving mode.
I just want my stomach to be as flat as my ass.
What was your key motivation for this piece? The due date.
Men cannot live by bread alone; he must have peanut butter.
Food is like sex: When you abstain, even the worst stuff begins to look good.
I could tell that my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous – everyone hasn’t met me yet.
My doctor told me to watch my drinking. Now I drink in front of a mirror.
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
You’re only as good as your last haircut.
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle.
I like Kit-Kat, unless I’m with four or more people.
What a nice night for an evening.
I walk around like everything is fine, but deep down, inside my shoe, my sock is sliding off.
Do Lipton employees take coffee breaks?
I live on a one-way street that’s also a dead end. I’m not sure how I got there.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
Am I perfect? No. But am I striving to be a better person every day? Also no.
Maybe you should eat some makeup so you can be pretty on the inside too.
Love is blind; friendship tries not to notice.
It’s only because of their stupidity that they’re able to be so sure of themselves.
Do you ever think if people heard our conversations they’d lock us up? All the time.
A best friend is like a four leaf clover, hard to find, lucky to have.
As your best friend I’ll always pick you up when you fall, after I finish laughing.
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it’s a beautiful day.
Please cancel my subscriptions to your issues.
If you ran like your mouth, you’d be in good shape.
I’m not arguing. I’m simply explaining why I’m right.
Friends are people who know you really well and like you anyway.
If you’re going to do something tonight that you’ll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
If you’re hotter than me, then that means I’m cooler than you.
I spent 113 880 hours of my life for a paper and a handshake.
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
A child educated only at school is an uneducated child.
The happier we get, the less we see.
You can drag my body to school but my spirit refuses to go.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
In school, you’re taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you’re given a test that teaches you a lesson.
Finish last in your league and they call you idiot. Finish last in medical school and they call you doctor.
Education can get you the only thing that really matters in today’s world – an assigned parking space.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
No wonder the teacher knows so much; she has the book.
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
People learn something every day, and a lot of times it’s that what they learned the day before was wrong.
Work hard, nap hard.
The human brain is special. It starts working as soon as you get up and it doesn’t stop until you get to school.
When a teacher calls a boy by his entire name, it means trouble.
School is learning things you don’t want to know, surrounded by people you wish you didn’t know, while working toward a future you don’t know will ever come.
The most important thing we learn at school is the fact that the most important things can’t be learned at school.
I go to school, but I never learn what I want to know.
My career plans were much more exciting when I was 5.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
A boss on vacation is the most cost effective measure. Everybody in the office has a vacation at the cost of one.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.
hes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
The most ineffective workers are systematically moved to the place where they can do the least damage: management.
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.
Every time you feel yourself being pulled into other people’s drama, repeat these word: Not my circus, not my monkeys.
If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses.
The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form.
Sorry for being late. I got caught up enjoying my last few minutes of not being here.
I know that the work cycle is not plan/start/finish, but is wait/plan/plan.
I’m sorry. I don’t take orders. I barely take suggestions.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.
Don’t yell at your kids! Lean in real close and whisper, it’s much scarier.
Sometimes I’m so tired, I look down at what I’m wearing, and if it’s comfortable enough to sleep in, I don’t even make it into my pajamas. I’m looking down, and I’m like T-shirt and stretchy pants? Yup, that’s pajama-y. Good night.
The quickest way for a parent to get a child’s attention is to sit down and look comfortable.
Everyone should have kids. They are the greatest joy in the world. But they are also terrorists. You’ll realize this as soon as they are born and start using sleep deprivation to torture you.
I don’t know what’s more exhausting about parenting: the getting up early, or the acting like you know what you’re doing.
It just occurred to me that the majority of my diet is made up of the foods that my kid didn’t finish.
