World peace begins with inner peace.
The world is now too small for anything but brotherhood.
Love is the purest form of a soul at peace.
Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
If you want peace, you don’t talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
When you make peace with yourself, you make peace with the world.
I do not want the peace that passeth understanding. I want the understanding which bringeth peace.
Little people are intolerant, selfish and impatient. Wise people are calm, loving and understanding.
Why can’t people just sit and read books and be nice to each other?
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
Peace begins with a smile.
Peace in ourselves, peace in the world.
Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold.
You can’t shake hands with a clenched fist.
First keep the peace within yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.
Peace, which costs nothing, is attended with with infinitely more advantage than any victory with all its expense.
If there must be trouble let it be in my day, that my child may have peace.
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there’d be peace.
You can’t separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness.
True peace is not merely the absence of tension: it is the presence of justice.
If we ourselves remain angry and then sing world peace, it has little meaning. First, our individual self must learn peace. This we can practice. Then we can teach the rest of the world.
I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist. I am willing to fight for peace. Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war.
I have come into this world to see this: the sword drop from men’s hands even at the height of their arc of rage because we have finally realized there is just one flesh we can wound.
urage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
There is a higher court than courts of justice, and that is the court of conscience. It supersedes all other courts.
In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you.
Let us bring equality, justice, and peace for all. Not just the politicians and the world leaders, we all need to contribute. Me. You. It is our duty.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
Make peace with your broken pieces.
Worrying does not take away tomorrow’s troubles, it takes away today’s peace.
There is no way to peace, peace is the way.
You were placed on this earth to create not to compete.
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Working for peace in the future is to work for peace in the present moment.
The practice of peace and reconciliation is one of the most vital and artistic of human actions.
The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don’t do anything about it.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Peace is not only better than war, but infinitely more arduous.
Peace is not achieved by controlling nations, but mastering our thoughts. John Harricharan (This is one of my favorite quote. Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours!
Peace is not the absence of war but the presence of justice.
Peace is not the absence of war; it is a virtue; a state of mind; a disposition for benevolence; confidence; and justice.
Peace is a daily, a weekly, a monthly process, gradually changing opinions, slowly eroding old barriers, quietly building new structures.
Peace is costly but it is worth the expense.
Peace is the only battle worth waging.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding.
I believe our sorrow can make us a better country. I believe our righteous anger can be transformed into more justice and more peace.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.
No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.
I was a drum major for peace.
There is something strangely inconsistent about a nation and a press that would praise you when you say, ‘Be nonviolent toward Jim Clark,’ but will curse and damn you when you say, ‘Be nonviolent toward little brown Vietnamese children.’ There is something wrong with that press.
Some people call me the girl who was shot by the Taliban. And some, the girl who fought for her rights.
There is no greater violence than to deny the dreams of our children.
The biggest challenge or biggest crisis knocking on the doors of humankind is fear and intolerance.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
If the human race wishes to have a prolonged and indefinite period of material prosperity, they have only got to behave in a peaceful and helpful way toward one another.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
It is an unfortunate fact that we can secure peace only by preparing for war.
The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government.
We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other’s children.
No, I know all the war rhetoric, but it’s all aimed at achieving peace.
There is nothing so likely to produce peace as to be well prepared to meet the enemy.
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.
I believe that to meet the challenges of our times, human beings will have to develop a greater sense of universal responsibility.
Each of us must learn to work not just for oneself, one’s own family or nation, but for the benefit of all humankind. Universal responsibility is the key to human survival. It is the best foundation for world peace.
Peace by persuasion has a pleasant sound, but I think we should not be able to work it. We should have to tame the human race first, and history seems to show that that cannot be done.
Non-cooperation is a measure of discipline and sacrifice, and it demands respect for the opposite views.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
But only art and music have the power to bring peace.
Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I’m a dreamer, but I’m not the only one. I hope someday you’ll join us, and the world will live as one.
All we are saying is give peace a chance.
Peace is every step.
Peace is its own reward.
Peace begins when expectation ends.
Dream always of a peaceful, warless, disarmed world.
We make war that we may live in peace.
#PeaceDay should be everyday.
Do not let the behavior of others destroy your inner peace.
Every drop in the ocean counts.
Peace without justice is an impossibility.
Love is my weapon. Music is my religion. Peace is in my soul.
I am centered. I am balanced. I am at peace.
Life is much easier when you just chill out.
Peace is never a perfect achievement.
I, too, am America.
Peace is our gift to each other.
Human suffering anywhere concerns men and women everywhere.
One little person, giving all of her time to peace, makes news. Many people, giving some of their time, can make history.
Everyday we do things, we are things that have to do with peace. If we are aware of our life…, our way of looking at things, we will know how to make peace right in the moment, we are alive.
You who are journalists, writers, citizens, you have the right and duty to say to those you have elected that they must practice mindfulness, calm and deep listening, and loving speech. This is universal thing, taught by all religions.
A civilized nation can have no enemies, and one cannot draw a line across a map, a line that doesn’t even exist in nature and say that the ugly enemy lives on the one side, and good friends live on the other.
Peace has to be created, in order to be maintained. It is the product of faith, strength, energy, will, sympathy, justice, imagination, and the triumph of principle. It will never be achieved by passivity and quietism.
Part 1. Peace is the highest and most strenuous act of the soul, but an entirely harmonious act, in which all our powers and affections are blending in a beautiful proportion, and sustain and perfect one another.
Part 2. It is more than the silence after storms.
Part 3. This is peace, and the true happiness of humanity.
If not now, then when? If not you, then who? If we are able to answer these fundamental questions, then perhaps we can wipe away the blot of human slavery.
We who work for peace must not falter. We must continue to pray for peace and to act for peace in whatever way we can, we must continue to speak for peace and to live the way of peace; to inspire others, we must continue to think of peace and to know that peace is possible.
The great teachings unanimously emphasize that all the peace, wisdom, and joy in the universe are already within us; we don’t have to gain, develop, or attain them. We’re like a child standing in a beautiful park with his eyes shut tight. We don’t need to imagine trees, flowers, deer, birds, and sky; we merely need to open our eyes and realize what is already here, who we really are – as soon as we quit pretending we’re small or unholy.
The greatest personalities that ever existed have been those who united human beings and put them on the road toward cooperation and effectiveness and peace. Those whom the world has held highest have helped to unite and not sever interconnectedness. They have not been the destroyers of differences but the harmonizer of differences.
hoose. The single clenched fist lifted and ready, or the open hand held out and waiting. Choose: For we meet by one or the other.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Barbecue may not be the road to world peace, but it’s a start.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
Perpetual peace is only found in the graveyard.
Dogs are our link to paradise. They don’t know evil or jealousy or discontent. To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring – it was peace.
While conscience is our friend, all is at peace; however once it is offended, farewell to a tranquil mind.
For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the Universe.
There is peace in the garden. Peace and results.
I first learned the concepts of non-violence in my marriage.
Peace is the virtue of civilization. War is its crime.
In peace the sons bury their fathers, but in war the fathers bury their sons.
Never, ‘for the sake of peace and quiet,’ deny your own experience or convictions.
Let us not deceive ourselves; we must elect world peace or world destruction.
There can be no vulnerability without risk; there can be no community without vulnerability; there can be no peace, and ultimately no life, without community.
When I say it’s you I like, I’m talking about that part of you that knows that life is far more than anything you can ever see or hear or touch. That deep part of you that allows you to stand for those things without which humankind cannot survive. Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more powerful than greed.
The opposite of peace is indifference to both peace and war—indifference to hunger and persecution, to imprisonment and humiliation, indifference to torture and persecution.
One day we must come to see that peace is not merely a distant goal we seek, but that it is a means by which we arrive at that goal. We must pursue peaceful ends through peaceful means.
The earth is too small a star and we too brief a visitor upon it for anything to matter more than the struggle for peace.
Is it not better for a man to die for a cause in which he believes, such as peace, than to suffer for a cause in which he does not believe, such as war?
They have not wanted Peace at all; they have wanted to be spared war – as though the absence of war was the same as peace.
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
Ultimately the only peace and security you can hope for from your enemies is their disappearance.
nflict is inevitable; you will never have total peace.
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.
One is left with the horrible feeling now that war settles nothing; that to win a war is as disastrous as to lose one.
If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day.
Those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves.
We are not going to deal with the violence in our communities, our homes, and our nation, until we learn to deal with the basic ethic of how we resolve our disputes and to place an emphasis on peace in the way we relate to one another.
We have two ears and one mouth, so we should listen more than we say.
Everyone’s a pacifist between wars. It’s like being a vegetarian between meals.
Thou hast made us for thyself, O Lord, and our heart is restless until it finds its rest in thee.
It’s time for us to turn to each other, not on each other.
Dad, how do soldiers killing each other solve the world’s problems?
Be selective in your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right.
Either war is obsolete or men are.
In union there is strength.
Respect for the rights of others means peace.
I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don’t believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn’t want to practice it with me. Brotherhood is a two-way street.
We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom.
Peace begins with tolerance and respect for everyone.
There is no force that can put an end to the human quest for freedom.
You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don’t ever count on having both at once.
Almost all of us long for peace and freedom; but very few of us have much enthusiasm for the thoughts, feelings, and actions that make for peace and freedom.
There is in this world no such force as the force of a person determined to rise. The human soul cannot be permanently chained.
