Listen to silence. It has so much to say.
The quieter you become the more you are able to hear.
Saying nothing sometimes says the most.
Speech is silver, silence is golden.
All men’s miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
A fool is known by his speech; and a wise man by silence.
It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
When you have nothing to say, say nothing.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
Silence is a source of great strength.
The closer you are to the truth, the more silent you become inside.
There was a brief silence. I think I heard snow falling.
I, schooled in misery, know many purifying rites, and I know where speech is proper and where silence.
In human intercourse the tragedy begins, not when there is misunderstanding about words, but when silence is not understood.
I think 99 times and find nothing. I stop thinking, swim in silence, and the truth comes to me.
If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results.
All I insist on, and nothing else, is that you should show the whole world that you are not afraid. Be silent, if you choose; but when it is necessary, speak – and speak in such a way that people will remember it.
I’ve begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own.
Silence is true wisdom’s best reply.
Time and silence are the most luxurious things today.
The more you understand silence, that’s where the balance comes.
Noise creates illusions. Silence brings the truth.
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn whatever state I am in, therein to be content.
Inner silence is the mother of all talents.
In the silence behind what can be heard lies the answers we have been searching for for so long.
Silence is so freaking loud.
There is something terribly wrong with a culture inebriated by noise and gregariousness.
The things that we understand, create silence. The things that we do not, create emotion.
Silence is sometimes the best answer.
Within us is the soul of the whole, the wise silence, the universal beauty, the eternal One.
I think the first virtue is to restrain the tongue; he approaches nearest to gods who knows how to be silent, even though he is in the right.
Don’t waste words on people deserve your silence. Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is nothing at all.
If there were a little more silence, if we all kept quiet…maybe we could understand something.
The human heart has hidden treasures, in secret kept, in silence sealed; the thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, whose charms were broken if revealed.
Silence speaks when words can’t.
The world’s continual breathing is what we hear and call silence.
In silence there is eloquence. Stop weaving and see how the pattern improves.
Now all my teachers are dead except silence.
Talk, talk, talk: the utter and heartbreaking stupidity of words.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
The good and the wise lead quiet lives. Euripides (This is one of my favorite quote. Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours!
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Silence is the wit of fools.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
Without great solitude no serious work is possible.
Speak only if it improves upon the silence.
I often regret that I have spoken; never that I have been silent.
The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause.
The truth hurts, but silence kills.
The music is not in the notes, but in the silence between.
As we must account for every idle word, so must we account for every idle silence.
Three hundred years of humiliation, abuse and deprivation cannot be expected to find voice in a whisper.
Silence is golden when you can’t think of a good answer.
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power.
If you face God in prayer and silence, God will speak to you. Then you will know that you are nothing. It is only when you realize your nothingness, your emptiness, that God can fill you with Himself. Souls of prayer are souls of great silence.
It is not easy to keep silent when silence is a lie.
Silence is argument carried out by other means.
You have a grand gift for silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion.
Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me.
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy. I were but little happy if I could say how much.
Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods.
I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers.
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together.
A sage thing is timely silence, and better than any speech.
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence.
We need silence to be able to touch souls.
Silence is more eloquent than words.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Sometimes it’s better to be silent and smile.
Silence, healing.
Since long I’ve held silence a remedy for harm.
Silence is safer than speech.
Silence is better than unmeaning words.
What’s quiet is more powerful than you think.
Your silence will not protect you.
I like working in silence.
Silence is more musical than any song.
No one nor anything can silence me.
Solitude is a catalyst for innovation.
You misinterpret everything, even the silence.
Do not underestimate the determination of a quiet man.
The silence is not suppression; instead, it is all there is.
The silence is so deep it hurts our ears.
Real action is in silent moments.
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.
Speech is of time, silence is of eternity.
The quiet mind is richer than a crown.
Noise: a stench in the ear.
I was quiet, but I was not blind.
Silence says a lot more than you think.
Still waters run deep.
nfidence is silent. Insecurities are loud.
Getting no message is also a message.
A wise man once said nothing.
You are a slave to what you do say, a master of what you don’t say.
Silence isn’t empty. It’s full of ansers.
Silence is a place of great power and healing.
Silence is the mother of truth.
To hear, one must be silent.
Sound is our mind, silence is our being.
You cannot be angry when alone.
Listening to the eternal involves a silence within us.
One need not always be saying something in this noisy world.
The wisest man is the silent one. Examine his actions. Judge him by them.
Silence is the virtue of fools.
A silent man is easily reputed wise.
Speak for yourself and from yourself, or be silent.
Speech is the small change of silence.
Never be bullied into silence.
Hope will never be silent.
Great souls suffer in silence.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me.
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death.
Being quiet is fine, most people don’t listen anyways.
Silence has been destroyed, but also the idea that it’s important to learn how another person thinks, to enter the mind of another person. The whole idea of empathy is gone. We are now part of this giant machine where every second we have to take out a device and contribute our thoughts and opinions.
Seeing her sitting there unresponsive makes me realize that silence has a sound.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
Noise is the most impertinent of all forms of interruption. It is not only an interruption, but also a disruption of thought.
Living as we do in an age of noise and bluster, success is now measured accordingly. We must all be seen, and heard, and on the air.
The ocean, the desert, and the jungle are the last strongholds and resorts of peace.
I just realized that sleep sometimes is the only precious wage for the hard working man.
Nowadays silence is looked on as odd and most of my race has forgotten the beauty of meaning much by saying little. Now tongues work all day by themselves with no help from the mind.
Soon silence will have passed into legend. Man has turned his back on silence. Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation…tooting, howling, screeching, booming, crashing, whistling, grinding, and trilling bolster his ego. His anxiety subsides. His inhuman void spreads monstrously like a gray vegetation.
I did the only thing I knew how to do: I built my own walls of silence to disguise my desperation and what later came to be recognized and diagnosed as depression.
By silence, I hear other men’s imperfections and conceal my own.
I have only one confidant, and that is the silence of night.
Some of the greatest battles will be fought within the silent chambers of your own soul.
It’s the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race.
The hardest and most important battle you’ll deliver is when you’ll be alone. Will you follow the crowds or will you follow that little voice inside yourself?
A fair request should be followed by the deed in silence.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
The true genius shudders at incompleteness – and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be.
How much better is silence; the coffee cup, the table. How much better to sit by myself like the solitary sea-bird that opens its wings on the stake. Let me sit here for ever with bare things, this coffee cup, this knife, this fork, things in themselves, myself being myself.
No durable things are built on violent passion. Nature grows her plants in silence and in darkness, and only when they have become strong do they put their heads above the ground.
When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence.
I go silent so I can write. When my tongue is wagging my fingers are silent.
hoose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men’s imperfections, and conceal your own.
Withdraw into yourself, perceive there a silence as old as being, even older.
Within each of us, there is silence. A silence as vast as the universe. And when we experience that silence, we remember who we are.
No writer in our time has been more isolated than Kafka, and yet few have achieved communication as well as he did.
Silence is the universal refuge, the sequel to all dull discourses and all foolish acts, a balm to our every chagrin, as welcome after satiety as after disappointment; that background which the painter may not daub, be he master or bungler, and which, however awkward a figure we may have made in the foreground, remains ever our inviolable asylum, where no indignity can assail, no personality can disturb us.
Have you ever heard the wonderful silence just before the dawn? Or the quiet and calm just as a storm ends? Or perhaps you know the silence when you haven’t the answer to a question you’ve been asked, or the hush of a country road at night, or the expectant pause of a room full of people when someone is just about to speak, or, most beautiful of all, the moment after the door closes and you’re alone in the whole house? Each one is different, you know, and all very beautiful if you listen carefully.
I think that one’s art is a growth inside one. I do not think one can explain growth. It is silent and subtle. One does not keep digging up a plant to see how it grows.
As happens sometimes, a moment settled and hovered and remained for much more than a moment. And sound stopped and movement stopped for much, much more than a moment.
I have come to believe over and over again that what is most important to me must be spoken, made verbal and shared, even at the risk of having it bruised or misunderstood.
I have always loved the desert. One sits down on a desert sand dune, sees nothing, hears nothing. Yet through the silence something throbs, and gleams.
