Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success.
Behind every successful man there’s a lot of unsuccessful years.
The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
Success is the child of audacity.
Forget the past.
The true success is the person who invented himself.
When the water starts boiling it is foolish to turn off the heat.
Be content to act, and leave the talking to others.
He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much; who has gained the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children; who has filled his niche and accomplished his task; who has left the world better than he found it, whether by an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul; who has never lacked appreciation of earth’s beauty or failed to express it; who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had; whose life was an inspiration; whose memory a benediction.
Failure is success in progress.
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Find somebody to be successful for. Raise their hopes. Think of their needs.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Success is never accidental.
90% of your plans are going to fail no matter what you do. Get used to it.
The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything.
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself.
Living our life deeply and with happiness, having time to care for our loved ones – this is another kind of success, another kind of power, and it is much more important.
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something.
The maximum success is reached when you are never busy.
I can’t give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
The young do not know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible – and achieve it, generation after generation.
My secret for success? I don’t know what the hell success means.
Success is leaving a good path, or even better, leaving no path at all.
My success is not who I am.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.
To be able to look back upon one’s life in satisfaction, is to live twice.
Mediocrity always measures success by money.
I don’t dwell on success. Maybe that’s one reason I’m successful.
I do not pray for success, I ask for faithfulness.
A minute’s success pays the failure of years.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.
The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it. Criss Jami (This is one of my favorite success quote. Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours!
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things.
brate your successes. Find some humor in your failures.
Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value. Look around at how people want to get more out of life than they put in. A man of value will give more than he receives. Be creative, but make sure that what you create is not a curse for mankind.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Have no fear of perfection – you’ll never reach it.
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.
Success is my only option, failure’s not.
Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success. We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
My mother said to me, “If you become a soldier, you’ll be a general; if you become a monk, you’ll end up as the Pope.” Instead, I became a painter and wound up as Picasso.
I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can’t, you’re right.
I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
There are no gains without pains.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.
Success in life comes not from holding a good hand, but in playing a poor hand well.
Success is not forever and failure isn’t fatal.
The best revenge is massive success.
The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
Money won’t create success, the freedom to make it will.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
If you’re going through hell, keep going.
80% of success is showing up.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
mb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
Nothing fails like success.
Measure your success according to fun and creativity.
Applause waits on success.
Slow and steady is better than fast and shaky.
You sleep on a win and you’ll wake up with a loss.
arity equals success.
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.
One fails forward toward success.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
Be brave when you are scared, and humble when you are victorious.
Success has always been a great liar.
Success is the sum of details.
Success can’t be forced.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
Success is the fruit of concentration.
There’s a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.
Success tempts many to their ruin.
Success is a poor teacher.
Success is dependent on effort.
Success is the sweetest revenge.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Become so curious and obsessed with one thing that you forget everything else. Follow it, drink it, dive deep in it, master it. Remarkable results need remarkable actions.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
No one who strives to bring new life to something significant should be too quick to abandon the hope that he will succeed.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do, and then do it.
Greatness is not in where we stand, but in what direction we are moving. We must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it – but sail we must and not drift, nor lie at anchor.
You aren’t going to find anybody that’s going to be successful without making a sacrifice and without perseverance.
To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world – that I am able to change it in positive ways.
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one.
Give me a stock clerk with a goal and I’ll give you a man who will make history. Give me a man with no goals and I’ll give you a stock clerk.
The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again, who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, and spends himself in a worthy cause, who at best knows achievement and who at the worst if he fails at least fails while daring greatly so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat.
I measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her fellow human beings.
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.
Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.
The heights by great men reached and kept, were not attained by sudden flight, but they, while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Be hungry for success, hungry to make your mark, hungry to be seen and to be heard and to have an effect. And as you move up and become successful, make sure also to be hungry for helping others.
Success isn’t a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Think of success as a game of chance in which you have control over the odds. As you begin to master concepts in personal achievement, you are increasing your odds of achieving success.
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.
Successful people are the ones who think up things for the rest of the world to keep busy at.
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments.
Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
Why be a king, when you can be a god?
I’m the most successful bad player ever.
Successful people have libraries. The rest have big screen TVs.
True success isn’t being at the beach with your laptop. It’s being at the beach without your laptop.
No burden is so heavy for a man to bear as a succession of happy days.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
The more successful the villain, the more successful the picture.
Success is when the checks don’t bounce.
Every man has a right to be conceited until he is successful.
It’s our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.
Success is a great deodorant.
A successful marriage isn’t necessarily one that lasts until you’re dead.
I’m finding that success is way more time-consuming than failure ever was.
Don’t confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
What is success? It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins.
Don’t stress about press if you want success.
The secret to success is to offend the greatest number of people.
Success is always less funny than failure.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
People get successful and they start saying, ‘Well of course I am! I was chosen! I’m special!’ No, you’re not.
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.
If success is a habit, it is a hard one to acquire.
When I prayed for success, I forgot to ask for sound sleep and good digestion.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
If I die prematurely I shall be saved from being bored to death at my own success.
Success comes in cans; failure in can’ts.
Success is dependent upon the glands – sweat glands.
nquer, but don’t triumph.
The fools in life want things fast and easy — money, success, attention.
